### If you have ideas about what freesurface can be, add them here.

People born between  the 70s - 90s have been brought into a world where too many of our brightest feel disenfranchised and struggle to see a future for themselves.  People born between the 40s - 60s are from a time where anyone who worked hard could find their way into a commodity that they could capitalize on. It's the thing that could universally provide satisfaction to anyone looking realize their potential.

Today every commodity on earth is spoken for by a small number of corporations and every logical thought has a patent against it.  How do we reasonably expect the current system to provide opportunity to future generations.  More over, what really is opportunity?  What are people really seeking?  Looking at all the different states of mind, the one we chase the most is the sense of satisfaction.

Look back to people born between the 10s - 30s.  They built their own homes, made their own clothes, baked their own bread, solved so many little problems each and every day.  They were very humble at large and were ready and willing to give their lives when the world wars took hold.  They wanted to preserve the world that they felt had so much more potential, and it did.

The thing is, the next generation started to fixate on one single form of satisfaction.  The satisfaction of financial success.  This form of satisfaction was readily available to any hard working person for a long time.  It grew and evolved, law after law was created with this single objective in mind.  Entire industries have been created with the sole purpose of advancing this cause. 

There is really only one industry today where young ambitious people can chase satisfaction and find it only when they work hard and love what they do.  It is the world of the internet and technology.  Any other industry is filled with young people that struggle to swallow the card they were dealt and navigate through the layers of corporate bureaucracy.

It is to the point where companies like Zynga games make billions of dollars making simple games that solely tie into a persons need to feel incremental moments of satisfaction.  People actually head home for the day and spend hours pretending to be able to influence the betterment of something.  This simply can not continue.

The internet and it's core philosophies are what the future of society depends on.  Open source endeavours are a gold mine of opportunity for incremental moments of satisfaction.  The problem is that right now it is geared to people who have a deep passion and understanding of technology.  We need to make open source a practical opportunity for everyone.  Anyone with a concept or insight should know there is common place to turn to and have an opportunity for real influence.  It all starts with the workplace, the place where everyone comes in at 9 and leave at 5, and maybe accomplished 2 things of real true worth.  

The internet is dominated by open source software, and it makes complete sense as to why.  If you think of something at your job that helps someone, and they think of something at their job that help you, you trade!  All the biggest and baddest open source projects are tools that people use to make the things that they really want to make.  Anyone lately who tries to capitalize on a tools like these will likely soon after be out shadowed by an alternative open source project.  The bottom line is that people just want to create and solve.  New economies are forming where open source is the source of the jobs. This is simply because people realize that it's not the legal rights to the code that matters, it's the fact that people care about the project.

This very phenomenon needs to be applied to all the other industries  where smart people are feeling very little sense of self satisfaction.  We need to find a way to insert open source projects into other industries, get developers interested in outside projects, and get people interested in converting their time and ideas into real things.

Unfortunately the current controlling generation have very little life experience to see the true value of this.  They see the idea of not making propriety rights your first objective as misguided.  After a lifetime in an economy where your objective is to turn any possible thing you can into money, it makes sense.  

Patents need to go away and the government needs to step back and let the new generation use the momentum of these movements to create and shape the future.  If an advancement is made, it should be available to benefit any other initiative, and it should happen at the speed of light.  Progress should rise much like the oceans, creating a free surface where all can continue to find satisfaction and a real feeling of self worth.
